-Hi, I'm Dan Abrams,
and we are on patrol live
with seven departments
around the country,
including the Berkeley County
Sheriff's Office
in South Carolina,
where just before air,
Deputy Cameron Blackmon
was attempting
to pull over a driver
for a traffic infraction.
-Speeds are 100,
number two lane, no traffic.
[ Siren wailing ]
[ Indistinct radio chatter ]
-Yeah, okay.
So we're trying to stop this car
right here.
Also had an improper turn.
I can see they're fleeing,
so we're gonna go ahead
and chase them.
There's two people in the car.
[ Indistinct radio chatter ]
Vehicle's not stolen.
So we don't know
what's really going on here.
Coming up to Jedburg.
Speeds are 100,
traffic's light to moderate.
Number one lane.
Got a unit coming behind me.
If you want to go ahead and call
them, I'd appreciate it.
[ Indistinct radio chatter ]
[Bleep]
[ Radio beeping ]
That's fine, I'm making a right
on Jedburg, going towards State.
Passing Spinx. Speeds are 40.
I made it through the gutter.
Oh, no.
[ Rain pattering ]
[ Indistinct radio chatter ]
Hold on tight.
[ Radio beeping, siren wailing ]
-You said you went straight
over [indistinct]?
[ Radio beeps ]
[ Indistinct radio chatter ]
-Coming up to Queenie Road.
Queenie Road.
There is no weather.
Weather's clear.
Light traffic. Cooper Store.
Coming up to Queenie.
[ Indistinct radio chatter ]
Oh, hold on, guys.
[ Radio beeps ]
Tire's busted. Tire's busted.
[ Radio chatter, beep ]
10-50, 10-50.
Vehicle flip-over.
[ Siren wailing ]
B.J., get his ass! Get his ass!
You good, B.J. You good.
Driver, come out
from the vehicle!
Stay back there, guys.
Come out from the vehicle!
Do it now!
Hey, they might be stuck.
B.J., you good?
-There's two, right?
-Let me see your hands
at all times!
-Keep your hands up!
-Hey!
[ Dog barking ]
-Might have to bust out
the window.
-Huh?
-Have to bust
the driver's-side window.
[Bleep]
-Hey, you got anything
to break --
Hey! Window breaker.
Grab the window breaker.
-There's two of them.
[ Indistinct radio chatter ]
Hey, roll the window up,
brother.
-Is he going the other way?
-I can't see his hands.
-Window breaker.
Window breaker. Window breaker.
Thank you.
Window breaker here!
[ Dog barking ]
-Hold that.
[ Indistinct radio chatter ]
[Bleep]
[ Sirens wailing ]
-Go straight to the ground.
Straight to the ground.
-Behind your back.
Hands behind your back.
-Hey, get him, get him.
-Where's the other guy?
-Yeah, there's one more.
Where you at, ma'am?
Ma'am? Hello?
-Nobody else in there.
-No, somebody popped up earlier.
Got him?
You see her?
-Nobody else in there.
-That's probably
just my eyes, then.
You want to do a track,
just in case.
I could've sworn
there was two people.
-You alright, man?
-Yeah, I'm good.
-Where's the other?
-I could've sworn
there was two people.
-No, ain't nobody else here.
-No?
He's saying there's not, so...
I thought there was two people
in the car.
-Were you close enough to know?
-Well, we were --
no, yeah, right there.
Yeah, I could've sworn
I saw a head.
-But he's the driver,
anyways, right?
-That's the driver. Yeah.
-Welcome to "On Patrol: Live."
We've got almost 50 cameras
across the country
following law enforcement
in real time.
Joining me in the studio,
formerly of the Tulsa
Police Department, now retired,
Sergeant Sean "Sticks" Larkin.
It is a pleasure
to finally meet you.
-I have always wanted to work
with you. It's a pleasure.
-Well, thrilled.
And from the Richland County
Sheriff's Department,
Deputy Curtis Wilson.
So good to have you here,
as well.
-Hey, it's good to be
a part of this new show.
-Now, here are the departments
we're on patrol live with
tonight.
Nye County, Nevada.
Marion County, Florida.
Paterson, New Jersey.
Berkeley County, South Carolina.
Beech Grove, Indiana.
Volusia in Florida.
And Richland County
in South Carolina.
Now, before we go back live,
a big welcome to all of you
watching here tonight on Reelz.
We are so thrilled
to have
what you all are calling
The OP Nation
riding along with us
for three hours
on Friday and Saturday nights.
And let's get that conversation
going on social media, as well.
Now let's go back
to Berkeley County,
where they are now
patting down that suspect
who fled from authorities.
I'm good, brother.
Yeah, I'm good. Down.
If you don't mind.
I got some glass in there.
[ Conversing indistinctly ]
[ Indistinct radio chatter,
sirens chirping ]
-So, tried to stop this vehicle.
Took off on us twice.
There is an odor of marijuana
coming from the vehicle now.
Tried to stop it.
He fled.
He ended up flipping his end.
We tried to get him out the car
with the window punch.
Got a little boo-boo,
but I'm good, sir.
I'll go over and treat that now.
He's going to be arrested
right now for failure to stop
and they're gonna try
to get into that car.
Whew!
That feels good.
Appreciate it. That's good.
Just a little boo-boo.
Yes, sir.
-Have someone look at that.
Just to bandage it.
[ Audio breaking up ]
-Yeah. It's just glass.
I did a window punch.
-You need stitches?
-Mm, no. Glue.
-Glue?
-Yeah.
I want to...
-You hear that?
Welcome to Long Ridge.
-Welcome to Long Ridge.
Appreciate it.
-Yep.
-Just a little boo-boo.
Yes.
Good job, baby.
-Of course. Of course.
-Thank you.
-Alright.
As they sort that out there...
-Had some weed on him.
-...let's go to Paterson,
New Jersey.
Officer Eddy Pichardo there
responding to a report --
there it is --
of a car on fire.
-...some information
so we can do a report.
[ Indistinct shouting ]
[ Sirens wailing ]
-So, I spoke to the owner
of the car,
said he just turned
the alarm off
'cause it was going off,
and then next thing you know,
his neighbor's telling him
his car is on fire.
So, he doesn't know
what got it started.
Just gonna move my car
for the fire truck real quick.
[ Siren chirps, brakes squeal ]
-The wheels!
-You got to get the hood open.
-Alright.
[ Speaking indistinctly ]
[ Shouting indistinctly ]
It might work, it might not.
Trying not to hit this window.
We got fire underneath the hood,
too, though.
-Hold on. Hold on.
-Go! Go!
[ Tool motor starting ]
-He turned off his car alarm,
and next thing he --
whoa! -- next thing he knows,
the car is on fire.
-Yeah, typically,
when the police respond
to something like this,
they're usually used
for, like,
a traffic control thing.
They're gonna block the roadway
to let the firemen get out there
and do their job, make sure
nobody's messing with the hoses
or anything like that.
-And, Curtis, this is very close
to that house.
-So close to the house,
and glad that they have
some alert neighbors
who saw this car was on fire
because otherwise it could
have easily caught
onto easily that house,
and that could have been
a lot worse.
-Let's go back.
[ Indistinct radio chatter ]
[ Radio beeps ]
-...currently working on
extinguishing the car fire.
-Alright, seems that
they've got that under control
as we keep an eye
on our live departments
around the country.
Remember, we ride with these
departments not just on Friday
and Saturday nights,
but all week long.
So I want to show you something
that happened earlier
in Richland County,
where deputies encountered
a gentleman
with a few loose screws.
Literally.
-So, we're responding
to some males
throwing screws into the street.
I believe we've had
contact with him before.
He's kind of erratic
and he'll escalate.
So I'm gonna go try
and talk to him
and see why he's throwing
screws in the road.
What's going on, man?
Can you park the tractor?
-That's fine.
-We'll talk to you a minute.
Just put that away.
I can't talk
with the tractor on.
There's screws in his yard.
-Bubba, what...
What's going on today?
Why are we...
Are we throwing screws
out in the road?
-You don't throw them out there?
-Buddy, I've been picking them
up right there with my magnet.
-You know what I'm saying?
Everybody's, like, against Bubba
over here for some reason.
I can't do...
I can't even pick up
the damn screws in the road
without them thinking
I'm putting them out.
Handle those people, man.
[Bleep]
-Just don't throw the screws.
-Now you saying,
"Don't throw the screws."
You actin' like
I threw the screws.
You're telling me
Now you're telling me
don't throw the screws.
I didn't throw no [bleep] screws
out period, boss man.
I promise you.
I'm just an old country boy
over here.
Cut [bleep] firewood
for a living.
-There's one.
Two.
It's kind of hard at this point
trying to prove
that he threw it.
I mean, he's saying
that someone else threw them
and he's doing the great service
of picking them up.
We're gonna talk to him
a little bit more
and see if we can try
and bring this to an end
and he stops doing this,
'cause people's tires
are just gonna keep
getting damaged.
You got screws
in your yard, too.
-They're not in my yard.
Talking about, like,
on highway property out there.
-It's on the side of the road.
On the yard.
-Okay.
Alright, stay right there.
-I don't know if they got --
the complainant has any.
-I got a stick of butter.
This is the good stuff.
Here's the butter.
-What are you doing with that?
-I'm gonna cooks me a rib eye
tonight with.
Since I don't work and all,
but I got --
-Can you just keep
your hands up for me?
-Why? Am I under arrest?
I'm driving a tractor
down the road
and I got a stick of butter
in my pocket.
-Yes.
-Does that make sense?
-[ Chuckles ]
-Hell, no, it don't, does it?
[ Both laugh ]
Oh, I got my keys right there.
-Alright.
-That's all I got.
What other kind of information
you need?
-We're trying to find
the nail bandit because someone
keeps throwing nails
out in the road.
-Well, this ain't no way
to find the nail bandit.
The way to find the nail bandit
is not just show up like this.
-We got to talk --
-You'll scare him off.
-We got to talk to you
to see if it's not you.
-You gonna scare
the nail bandit off.
You got to come out here
and stake this thing out
and do some investigation work.
-That's what we're doing.
-Not like this.
This here's [bleep] bullshit.
-You got the evidence
in your yard?
-[Bleep] I got evidence?
I probably got evidence
everywhere.
-Right now I'm just talking
to you, that's all.
-Y'all want to eat a steak?
I got enough for all of us.
-Sounds good, but I'm okay.
-Obviously, you can't be driving
your tractor in the roadway.
-Why is that?
This is a farm-to-market road.
-What's that?
-This is a farm-to-market road,
partner.
-A farm-to-market road?
What are you farming?
-Farming peanuts.
-Yeah? Where?
-All over.
-Yeah.
Bottom line is, is that I took
four or five screws,
hopefully don't come back
with your DNA on it.
I'm just putting you on notice.
We're leaving. Okay?
-Don't assume nothing.
Not till I say it.
-That's why I asked you
the question.
-No, don't ask me nothing.
I'm just a farmer with
a stick of butter in my pocket.
-Okay.
-I'm just a farmer with
a stick of butter in my pocket.
-Well, that was Bubba.
We took those screws,
sent them off to DNA.
If it has any DNA, then he could
ultimately be charged
with a vandalism charge where
he's damaging people's tires.
And hopefully we can bring
an end to the nail/screw bandit
that is throwing
all this stuff out in the road.
-A DNA investigation
of this particular crime
with the "butter
in the pocket" move.
I told that that's how you got
your name, Sticks.
Is that true?
-Not butter sticks.
I'm more of a tub guy.
More of a tub guy.
Listen, we've got tractors.
We've got farmers in Oklahoma.
I've got a friend
who has two tractors.
But I know nothing about
the butter in the pocket.
This is -- Richland County
is your hometown here,
so you've got to fill me in.
-Listen.
The tractor, you have to admit,
was running as smooth as butter.
[ Laughter ]
In order to find
that nail bandit.
-And that's right.
And he says he got screwed.
Alright, let's go
to Beech Grove in Indiana.
Sergeant Joe Garrison
is there.
Apparently, a vehicle dragging
another vehicle,
and the plate does not match.
I think the back vehicle.
Let's listen.
-Put me out on traffic.
5,000. Raymond.
Hey, stay in your car!
-[ Shouting indistinctly ]
-Hey, stay in your car.
-Are you serious?
-Get in your car. Calm down.
Hey, get in your car! Calm down.
I'm just checking on you guys.
[ Radio beeps ]
Start me another car.
I got two cars stopped,
and they're jumping out
and yelling at me.
[ Indistinct radio chatter ]
Hey, just relax.
Put your hands up
on the steering wheel for me.
Hey, stay in your car.
[ Indistinct radio chatter ]
-Close the door.
-[ Shouting indistinctly ]
-No, I'm talking to him.
Close the door for me.
Hey, relax. Okay?
The plates don't match this car.
It comes back to a silver car.
This one's painted
red and black.
-It's a silver car.
It's a Cadillac
-Okay, but that is not
what color it is.
-It's a painted car.
-Okay.
-I'm in the middle of towing
a vehicle right now.
-Okay.
-What nerve gives you the right
to pull me over, sir?
-Calm down.
-That is the most disrespectful
thing in my life.
-The fact that you're committing
several violations
by driving this.
-...a plate on my car to tow it?
-You are committing
several violations.
Okay.
Does this window roll down
so I can talk to you
through this window?
Can you open the door, then,
so I can talk to you?
Listen, I am not
harassing you, okay?
You guys are towing a car
with a strap, okay?
It's not very safe,
but the plates don't match
this vehicle, either.
-It's not illegal.
The plates do match this car.
This is a silver Cadillac.
-I'm looking at the color
right now.
-I painted the car.
-Yes.
You need to report that
to the DMV.
-This is the same car.
-You need to notify the DMV
that you paint it.
It's all that that means.
Okay? Just relax.
Say what?
-Why did you pull me over?
-Just wait right there.
I'll be right there.
-That's my husband.
Why did you pull me over?
-Because the plates
on this vehicle don't match.
That's the primary issue here.
But this also isn't very safe.
-It's not illegal, though.
-It is not very safe.
Okay? And that is --
-It's not illegal.
-That makes it not safe.
-I put plates on my vehicle
so I can transport it,
so I can move it
because things like this happen.
-This is not a safe way
to move your vehicle, though.
-It's not illegal, though.
You're not understanding
what I'm saying.
-But this vehicle on the road --
-[ Speaking indistinctly ]
You're not even
letting me speak.
-I can't believe
you pulled me over.
-You're not even
letting me speak.
-Okay, so he has your I.D.?
-[ Speaking indistinctly ]
So, he has your I.D.?
-Wow. Yeah.
-Okay, so he has your I.D.
Okay. Okay.
[ Indistinct radio chatter ]
-Alright.
Since you guys
are telling at me
and making this much more
difficult than it needs to be,
okay, I'm gonna
have you step out.
I'm gonna have you step out --
-I'm already stressed out
about the whole situation.
-I'm going to have you
step out of the car with me.
-I have no reason to step out.
Man, why are you harassing me?
-Step out of the -- hey.
Step out of the car and talk
to this officer right here.
You don't want to talk to me,
that's fine.
-I'll talk to you. That's fine.
-Talk to her.
-But, like, I'm not --
-I have two --
I have two vehicles with a bunch
of people to deal with.
Okay? Step out of the car.
-Those are my kids up there.
Like...
-Okay.
This is not --
You're making this --
-Why am I stepping out
of the car, though?
-You're making this
a bigger deal than it has to be.
-What did I do?
-Because I have the legal...
Because I have
the legal authority to do that.
Okay? Step back here
with this officer
and you can talk to her
if you don't want to talk to me.
Okay? Is that fair?
I'm not trying to give
you guys a hard time.
You're making this way
more difficult.
We're making this more difficult
than it needs to be.
-Hey, I tow stuff all the time.
-Okay.
It's -- Sir --
-[ Speaking indistinctly ]
-Could you just put your hands
up on the steering wheel for me?
Alright, man.
Yeah, we don't need to make
this a bigger deal
than it has to be, okay?
-Yeah, I know, Officer.
Trying to get the vehicle home.
-Alright.
-As he deals with
that citizen attorney,
let's go to Nye County
in Nevada.
We've got
Lieutenant Alan Schrimpf
and Lieutenant Eric Murphy.
They're looking for a suspect
wanted for assault
with a deadly weapon,
assault on a police officer,
among other charges.
-The front gate's
going to be blocked
and you're gonna have to go
over the fence.
-Arrived.
[ Dinging ]
-[ Groans ]
-Pick a side.
It's pretty high.
Or pretty low. Yeah.
-Hop it.
-It's not very easy, Conley.
Conley. Con.
-9-14, I'm gonna be
at the back of the residence.
[ Grunts ]
I think so.
Ah!
-I'm gonna need help.
-Help her.
-We did leg day.
-Hurry up. He's coming.
-Hey. Hey.
No, it's got a padlock.
I checked already.
Cody, take Corey with you.
I'll take this side
with Schrimpf.
-9-14, code red the channel.
-Get your back.
-I got it.
You got this window
right here, right?
-I see it, yeah.
[ Wind chimes tinkling ]
-Contact at the front door.
It's the dad?
-The dad.
[ Conversing indistinctly ]
-Something's going
in the garage.
Something's going
-The dad said what?
-In Reno?
-Said he's in Reno.
-9-14, you can release
the code red.
Negative contact
with one subject.
-See anything?
-Just a lot more...
-Alright, as they assess
that situation there,
let's get in a break here.
We are looking at 42 live feeds
coming in from around
the country, seven departments.
-He knows we're looking now.
He ain't coming back.
-"On Patrol: Live"
is coming right back.
-Hey, there's a little red
golf cart in there.
So that's probably the tracks
we're seeing with a lawnmower.
There's no motorcycle in there.
-Yeah. Alright.
Is he living in Reno now?
What'd he say?
-So right now, we made contact
with the suspect's dad.
He says he's not here.
We've checked the area.
We're not seeing anything
that shows that he's even here.
My deputies are talking
to him right now
to see if we can get
a good location on him.
Sounds like he might be
up in the Reno area.
So right now, we got negative
contact with the suspect.
-Alright, let's go back
to Beech Grove in Indiana,
back to Sergeant Joe Ga--
-...vehicle to, okay?
-...Garrison there.
Remember, he's talking
to the driver now
of the first vehicle that was
dragging the second vehicle,
which had an issue with
the plate not matching the car.
-Do you have your I.D. on you?
-Yeah.
-Okay. Can I get that?
Is this vehicle
registered to you?
-No, it's hers.
-This is my car.
-Yours? Okay.
-Yeah, I'm from California.
But they're my neighbors.
And their car got stuck
last night.
And I told them
I would try to help.
I told them I would try
to help them get their car home.
-Okay. Can you give me
your I.D., please?
-Yeah, this is my --
-Can you hand me that for me?
-Yeah, it's in my husband's
name, but I just moved.
We're going through a divorce,
so I just moved out here.
I only been here like a month.
-Okay. Natalie.
-And they already stopped me
about my car
'cause I just got my car
out of a divorce situation.
So they told me I got 60 days
to switch it over.
-Right. Okay.
Do you have -- Do you have
your wife's I.D., as well?
She said you had it.
-Last night we took it
out of the car.
-Okay. Is she having, like,
a really bad day or something?
-Yeah.
-Okay.
-She gets fired up.
-I was trying to help them.
-I can tell she gets fired up.
We don't have to make this
a bigger deal
than it has to be, though.
You know what I mean?
-I got four kids,
trying to get home.
I can't afford to get towed in
and I can't afford to tow it.
I don't have it.
It's at home.
-Okay. You don't have hers?
-No.
-Alright, as he tries
to sort that out
and we keep an eye on our live
departments around the country,
want to show you something
that happened earlier
in Richland County involving
Master Deputy Addy Perez
and one very
uncooperative driver.
[ Siren wailing ]
-So we had a deputy
that attempted
to make a traffic stop
on a suspect,
and the suspect
did not want to stop.
And he fled the scene.
[ Radio beeps ]
9-0-6 is right behind them.
[ Engine revs ]
Doing about 80.
He's about to pass O'Neil Court.
[ Radio beeps ]
Lane one. Lane two.
Switching lanes.
[ Radio beeps ]
Wrong side of the road.
Lane two. Lane two.
Going to lane three.
[ Radio beeps ]
He's doing about 120.
He just throw something out
right here.
Right here on the bridge,
he just threw a baggie out.
Clear bag on the bridge.
Has his hands out the window,
driver's side.
He has actually thrown two items
out of the vehicle
during this chase.
[ Beep ]
Going back to Two Notch.
Anybody on Two Notch?
On Fontaine, going to Two Notch.
[ Beep ]
Don't move.
Don't move now!
Put your hands on the door!
10-50.
10-50, 10-50, 10-50, Wilson.
Get out!
Turn around now!
-On the ground!
[ Beep ]
-Are you okay?
-You okay?
Is anybody else in the car?
-Central, 10-50, 10-50.
It's gonna be on Wilson
to Ferrell.
We need a 52.
[ Radio beeps ]
We got a Whiskey Foxtrot
that needs assistance.
The airbag deployed.
Advise, airbags have deployed.
[ Indistinct talking ]
-[Bleep]
-What's wrong?
What'd you eat?
Hey, you alright?
What's your --
Your leg [bleep] up?
-Spread your legs, bro.
-Spread your feet.
-Spread your leg, man.
You alright?
What you running for?
-Right front pocket.
Right front pocket.
-Yep.
Just wanted to talk to you about
some traffic violations, man.
-Bag of marijuana.
Clear baggies.
In the center console.
-Now, you know I was not driving
80 miles per hour.
-Yeah, you were driving
80 miles an hour.
-Bro, how --
-You got up to a buck-40
on the highway.
-I never got to a buck-40
in that car.
-'Cause they lying, man,
the way it happened, sir.
-But you don't pull over,
like -- No.
For some shit like that,
they either pulling to execute
or lock you up.
-[ Speaks indistinctly ]
-I don't know, but that's why
I did like that.
What am I doing wrong?
I just went to get
my brakes fixed.
-The suspect took off and went
into almost a 45-minute chase
that led to here
to this accident.
He went head-on and hit the
other victim, unfortunately.
The victim is okay.
She'll be heading to EMS.
He also had narcotics
that flew out the window
that he threw out.
He also had narcotics
in the vehicle
and also a gun
in the car, as well.
So now he's going to jail.
-Curtis, your department there.
What is the pursuit policy
where you are?
-Well, basically what happens
is we got to look at the charges
against the individual, initial,
of course, the traffic,
the area, pedestrians in the
area, things of that nature,
and, of course, the danger
of this high-speed pursuit
that goes on.
And with this one, of course,
as you see,
it led to even more charges,
especially not with --
just with the failure to stop
for blue lights and siren,
but additional charges
on top of --
I believe it was shoplifting
was the initial.
So with all of this going on,
again,
you have two vehicles
that are following.
Addy's the first one.
You have a second one.
Addy's calling it until there's
another vehicle behind her.
Then she's just going to
concentrate on the road
and where this vehicle is going.
The second one's
going to call it --
where it's going
and the whole nine yards,
the speed and things
of that nature.
-Yeah.
Alright, let's go back.
We want to show you
something that happened
in Berkeley County.
There was an incident
where we saw that chase
involving Cameron Blackmon,
right?
We saw on our video
what looked like something --
see, right there --
being thrown out of the car.
So we went back
and we slowed it down.
And look at that.
It almost hits the police car.
We don't know exactly
what was in that bag,
but clearly the driver
involved in that pursuit
threw something out the window.
-I'm going to say,
based on, the words we use,
training and experience, that
little frozen shot right there,
it looked like
a cellophane baggie,
which typically --
I'm not insinuating here.
Narcotics are oftentimes
kept in one.
-We don't know
what's in the bag.
-Based my own experiences.
As a police officer.
-In the other case just moments
ago, there was a baggie.
And what was in it?
Drugs.
-And they also --
Yeah, they pulled drugs out.
And remember that
Cameron Blackmon
actually has to get
some stitches in his hand
'cause he actually tried
to break through the window
when the car flipped there.
And I'm told that
he's getting stitches.
But he's okay.
Let's now go back to Nye County.
They've moved on there.
There's a report there
of a fleeing vehicle
involved in some sort
of shoplifting incident.
[ Dinging ]
-9-8, I'm out with 8.
[ Radio chatter ]
-9-8 to help 8, pull into
the yard in front of my truck.
I'm in these trees.
I need a truck up here
for cover.
Keep your hands
where I can see them.
Passenger in the front seat,
step out and face away from me
with your hands in the air.
-9-8, felony stop.
-Walk backwards to the sound
of my voice.
Meyers, I'm going to push her
over to you.
-Yeah, yeah.
-Keep walking back.
-Come over here.
-Other side, other side.
Other side, other side.
-Stop.
Go down on your knees.
Keep your hands in the air.
Put your hands on top of your
head, interlace your fingers.
Do not move.
-9-8, we're at that --
We're out with
2-0-9-Lincoln-0-9 Nevada.
[ Handcuffs clicking ]
Next vehicle arriving,
come in the driveway.
Come up behind my vehicle.
Keep your hands up!
-Bring her to the back
of the truck.
-Walk backwards, walk backwards.
-Hey, we got two more in
the car, two more in the car.
-Behind you, Cody.
-L.T., pull the driver
and push her over here.
-Driver, step out
of the vehicle.
Keep your hands up.
Do not reach.
Face away from me.
Walk backwards.
Keep coming.
You're going to detain her.
Yes.
Come back.
Keep coming.
Walk back.
Stop.
Get down on your knees.
-Keep your hands up.
[ Handcuffs clicking ]
-Got one in the vehicle still.
-Okay.
-Passenger
-Back seat passenger,
open the door.
Put your hands out
where we can see them.
-Drop the cigarette.
-Bring her to you, Code.
-Step out.
Face away from me
with your hands in the air.
Turn around and walk backwards.
Walk backwards.
-He's got one over there.
-Walk backwards.
Walk backwards.
Keep going.
-He's going to have Stone do it.
You and I will take the car.
Cody.
-Walk backwards.
-Alan and I are gonna
challenge the car.
-Stop.
Get down on your knees.
Put your hands on top
of your head.
-Cody, Alan and I are
going to challenge the car.
Then we'll go up.
-Get her detained.
[ Handcuffs clicking ]
-Is there anybody else
in the car?
Anybody else in the car?
This is the sheriff's office.
Come out of the vehicle.
-Anybody else in the car,
come out with your hands up!
Do it now!
-Got front, got front.
Clear.
-Clear.
-Hit the trunk.
-Hit the trunk, Al.
Oh, there's all this stuff
they just took from the store.
-We're Code 4.
Lift the red.
[ Indistinct talking ]
-So Deputy Murphy had a car
running from him
at a high rate of speed.
He tried to stop them.
They wouldn't pull over.
He ended up locating
the vehicle in here.
One of the citizens flagged him
down as the vehicle pulled in.
Right now, it appears
we're dealing with these people
are our previous call
of stealing stuff
from a local grocery store.
And the vehicle
matches the description,
along with the plate.
So we're gonna figure out
what's going on.
But it looks like
the trunk's full of stuff.
So these look like
our people stealing stuff.
-Alright.
Let's get in a break here.
We are live in seven departments
around the country.
"On Patrol: Live"
coming right back.
[ Indistinct talking ]
-Oh, you got it.
-Back in Nye County
with those shoplifting suspects.
I now believe that
they're trying to talk
to some people who...
Yeah, there's the people
who live in the house
where the car
just happens to be.
This woman's not involved
in the shoplifting.
-Thanks for your service.
-My pleasure. It's my pleasure.
Have a good day.
-Gave me some excitement.
-Hey, puppers! [ Smooching ]
Come on, come on.
-He's a little baby.
I'm watching him
for a couple days.
-[ Chuckling ] You stay here.
Alright. Thank you.
[ Dog barking ]
It's okay. It's okay.
It's okay.
[ Barking continues ]
-Come on.
Thank you!
-Trunk is full of items.
-She normally does this.
I've busted her before
at Family Dollar.
-This chick?
-Yeah, Candace talked to one.
-So she's done this before?
-Yep.
-Well, looks like, I don't know
if they stole Cheetos,
but it looks like there's
Cheetos in the front seat
that are wide open.
-I know it was Albertsons.
They usually don't get
direct footage
into their security footage.
-Well, the good, the positive
is Cody didn't even know
this was the car
and was chasing them.
So we got at least a looting.
-Yeah.
-Alright, we're shoplifting
today from Albertsons?
Honestly.
-[ Speaking indistinctly ]
-Have you ever shoplifted
before?
I mean, shoplifted maybe
and didn't get caught?
I mean, I can't do anything
about that.
-Maybe just like a Chapstick.
-I'm just asking. Huh?
So this is actually the first
time you actually tried to...?
-Yeah.
-That's a lot of stuff
you tried to take.
-Yeah.
-What's going on at home?
-What do you mean?
-Is there any problems at home?
-You got eyes on them?
-Um...no.
-No?
What's -- Who you live with?
Mom, Dad, aunt, uncle, grandma?
-We basically all live together.
-You all live together
in the same house?
Nobody else there?
No other adults
over the age of 18?
-Well, they're all over 18,
but, like,
it's my grandma and grandpa.
-Grandma and Grandpa are there?
-Yeah.
-Okay, that's kind of
what I'm trying to find out.
So, Grandma and Grandpa,
have any financial issues?
Any problem with getting food
and...?
You just -- today
was just the day, huh?
-No, I mean, kind of.
We do have an issue.
-What is it?
-It's like...
Kind of money issues,
but that's not my excuse
to be stealing stuff.
-Okay. Okay. Well, that's good.
You owned up to it.
Have you ever
been in trouble before?
-Just missing.
-Huh?
-Just for missing.
-Just for missing?
You run away or something
earlier, when you were younger?
-Yeah.
-Okay. Alright.
How about you? How about you?
Any reason why you think
we should've done this today?
-Money issues.
-Money issues?
So, we have food in
the refrigerator, though, right?
-I mean,
I'm practically homeless.
-You're practically homeless?
How long have you lived there?
-Um, I've been living there
on and off for like...
probably like a month now.
-Let's stand over here
a little bit,
away from the hot car,
so I can understand
what's going on.
Get away from that tailpipe.
It's hot.
-Oh, sorry.
-No problem.
-Seems they're being very honest
here about what happened.
Let's go to Paterson,
New Jersey.
Officer Eddy Pichardo
there responding
to a report
of an unconscious man.
[ Conversing in Spanish ]
-Alright.
So, this gentleman's saying
he ordered food, sat down,
and hasn't woken up.
[ Conversing in Spanish ]
[ Speaking Spanish ]
Hey!
Hey, Michael! Mike! Yo!
Mike.
Mike. Whew!
What's up, bud?
Hey, Mike, you alright?
You know where you at?
Where you at?
-[ Groans ]
-Alright. What's up?
What's up, buddy?
You passed out.
You know where you're at?
Alright.
[ Conversing in Spanish ]
-Okay.
-Hey, 110 to Quarters, uh,
could you just expedite PFD?
He's fine, he's breathing,
but he's, uh, uncoherent.
-I'll go here.
[ Police radio chatter ]
-Alright let's go back to
Beech Grove, Indiana.
Sergeant Joe Garrison
there has moved on.
He's got a report
of indecent exposure.
-Hi there.
-We're literally
just laying down.
-Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Okay.
Why don't you move over
to the passenger seat
and if you have a shirt,
put it on, please.
How old are you guys?
-Uh, we're both 18.
-Okay.
Do you have any I.D. on you?
-No, sir.
-Okay.
Do you have any I.D.
on you, young lady?
-Yeah. Okay.
Do you have a shirt to put on?
-That is --
-That's what you're wearing?
Okay. You know why somebody
called in...
-Yeah.
-Had me come check on
you guys right?
-Yeah, because it looks like
we're having sex.
-It just looks like it though?
-Yeah.
-Okay.
Okay. Is this your vehicle?
-Yeah. -No, this is mine.
-Where do you live at?
Okay. This probably isn't
the best place to be.
-Yeah, no.
-In broad daylight
with people all around.
-Yeah. No, I get it.
-Right? Okay.
Sit tight, guys.
-Alright.
-It doesn't look like
they were doing
anything illegal at this time,
but we might have
interrupted something for sure.
We're good. They were fully
clothed when I got here.
I'm just going to check and
make sure this vehicle is okay
and neither of them
are wanted for anything
and will send them on their way.
I'm sorry?
-Sounds like maybe this wasn't
the best place for two friends
to have a naked conversation.
Let's go to Richland County.
There Captain Danny Brown to
Master Deputy Addy Perez there.
-Yeah, did you see that thing
on the floor?
-Responding to a report
of an alarm
that has been tripped at a bank.
-Center, you can lift the
channel for now,
we're signal 18.
-Copy that, there's two signal
18's, signal 15 on tag two
signal 18, signal 15
on tag two.
-6-1-9-6-0-3, 10-98, 10-4.
-Alright.
Yeah, we're good.
-[ Laughs ]
-You are not, actually.
-Danny, so there's, like, a bag
on the floor.
-What?
-There's a bag on the floor,
but the doors are secured.
-I couldn't hear you.
-There's, like,
a money bag on the floor.
-Yeah.
-But the doors are secured.
She said a couple
of guys take off.
Some people were right there
where she was at and took off
when she rolled up.
-The doors are secured though?
-Yeah the doors secured.
Yeah, it's just the money bag
on the floor is awkward,
but you can see through it
through the room.
So it's not like too many
hiding spots, you know?
-Yeah, that's kind of weird.
-Nothing's broken.
-It's kind of weird.
-Yeah.
-But they. They've been closed
up for, like, 4 hours now, so.
-Alright.
-You checked on these windows,
too? And nothing?
-And you were saying.
-So.
So we got a hold up alarm to
this bank that basically means
that somebody was attempting
to break into the bank.
As soon as he rolled up,
I saw like a bag on the floor.
And Ken Brown just said
that he spoke to the lady
in the vehicle there
and said that they saw
some individuals running.
They may have attempted to try
to break in, wasn't successful.
As of right now,
the bank is secured.
And we'll just leave it at that
as of now.
Keep patrolling the area.
-Alright. As they continue
patrolling there
and trying to figure out
if anything happened.
Let's get in a break.
We are live in seven departments
around the country.
We're looking at 42 live feeds
coming in on "Patrol Live."
It's coming right back.
Central 9-0-6.
-We are back
as we keep an eye live
on Richland County
in Patterson.
There seems to be
some activity going on there.
But in the meantime,
we want to show you
something that happened earlier
in Berkeley County.
What started as a traffic stop
for tailgating
turned into a wild pursuit.
[ Siren wailing ]
-We've got one of our units
in a pursuit right over here.
[ Radio chatter ]
[ Beep ]
Hey.
Did he get out of the car
or did he stop?
Yeah, I got him.
We're getting out with this guy.
He jumped out of the car.
Find out what his deal is.
[ Radio chatter ]
[ Siren wailing ]
Get on the ground!
Look away.
Don't you move.
-I'm not moving.
Hell no.
-Put your hands
behind your back.
-Yes, sir.
There's my knife right there.
-I got you, I got you.
I got you, I got you.
-His name's --
-Alright, you're good.
Roll over.
Where's your knife at?
-Right over there.
In the hat.
Yeah, I jumped out when he
went around the corner.
I was cussing him
the whole time.
Threw my hands out the window,
let the police know
that I wasn't...
-Who is it?
-Hold on one second.
-It's been a long time
since I seen him.
[ Sirens wailing ]
[ Radio chatter ]
-If the driver does flee,
I am going to send my K-9
after him.
[ Radio chatter ]
[ Siren wailing ]
Here! Here, here,
here, here, here!
[ Shouting indistinctly ]
[ Indistinct shouting ]
[ Indistinct talking ]
[ Dog barking ]
[ Radio chatter ]
-Give us a sec.
Hands behind the back.
[ Speaks indistinctly ]
Give me your hands, man.
Give me your hands.
Give me your hand.
-[ Groaning ]
[ Barking continues ]
-Cuff him up, please.
I'm just --
-Here. We'll just walk you
back out, alright?
Just go ahead so we can --
-Yeah, so he can calm down.
Come on.
-Good job.
Good job, boy.
I stopped the vehicle
for following too close.
Obviously he had
other intentions
and he wanted to run from us.
Car chase took off.
Came to an end with his car
taking -- catching fire.
You bailed out into the woods.
My dog was able to apprehend him
on an area search.
He's got a warrant for failure
to appear on a traffic offense
through our county.
He's got a warrant
for a probation violation
for resisting arrest
against police
out of our probation
in Columbia.
His license is suspended
for failure to stop
for blue lights multiple.
So he'll be charged with the
failure to stop for blue lights,
the driving under suspension,
and his two warrants today.
-So, Curtis, this is a suspect
who ended up
getting bit by the K-9,
but sometimes just
the threat of the K-9
can lead people to say,
"I'm good," right?
-Go ahead and comply.
If there's a K-9, yeah,
it's best to do that.
-Yeah, and I was interested
in the passenger.
So the passenger gets out.
Tricky situation, right?
Because the police don't know
exactly what's going on.
-Yeah, that's it. We don't know
if they're getting out to flee
or if it's one of those deals,
"Hey, man, I don't want to be
in this car," because at the end
of these things,
you don't know
what's going to happen.
You know, we see pursuits
that end in collisions.
You know, the way
the police officers
are going to approach
the vehicle and so forth.
So this guy made the smart move,
getting out on his own.
He'll be taken into custody,
interviewed,
and then most likely released
if he wasn't wanted.
-Alright, let's go live
to Richland County.
Master Deputy Addy Perez
there on a traffic stop.
Apparently,
the vehicle has no lights.
-It's going to be Trenholm Road
extension at O'Neil Court.
It's going to be by the
Taco Bell on Decker, actually.
It's gonna be
a white in color Kia.
It's going to be a
Sierra-Juliet-Whiskey-9-2-3.
No lights.
Hey. How are you, ma'am?
-Fine.
-Good. I'm Deputy Perez.
You didn't have your --
I'm sorry.
You didn't have your lights on.
So that's why I pulled you over.
-Okay.
-Yeah, I just saw you
turn them back on.
You have your license on you?
And you'll be on your way.
[ Radio chatter ]
You heading home?
-Yeah.
-Okay.
-Just ran to the store
real quick.
-No worries. Yeah, you had
no lights on going on Decker.
Thank you.
[ Radio chatter ]
She tur--
She turned her lights on
as soon as she saw me.
So we're just going to check
the license
and make sure she's good to go.
-Your incident has been updated.
-Alright,
as she investigates that,
let's go to Marion County
in Florida.
That's where Deputy Ryan Paxton.
-Where are we going?
-We're going that way.
-That way.
-Okay.
-Alright.
-Alright. One, two, three.
Be careful.
-Keep going.
-Oh, it's just going to keep
going up. It's not going.
-Yeah. I think the problem
is going to be
is that it's stuck there.
-Yeah.
-Yeah, it's going to.
We're not going to beat physics
on that, unfortunately, guys.
We got Roads coming out,
but for now
we'll direct traffic around it,
if you guys want to drive
through appreciate y'all's
attempt though.
-Yeah. Are we going
to make the news?
-[ Laughs ] Maybe.
[ Quacking-like noise ]
Alright. Well, we tried the
power of the team
and unfortunately, we still
couldn't beat physics on that.
So we'll wait
for Road Department
to come down here
with their chainsaw
and the correct tools
and do it safely.
-Alright. As they wait for the
chainsaw to arrive,
let's go to
Paterson, New Jersey.
-Don't know if it's patrol --
-Police Director
Jerry Speziale there,
They're backing up
the street Crimes Unit.
-Call for a backup unit.
So we're right up the street.
We're about 2 minutes out.
Minute out.
Whenever we hear somebody call
for a unit,
we always try and get them
to back them up.
[ Siren wails ]
-And our six is top --
-Yeah, right up there.
-[ Police radio chatter ]
-Especially here.
-Yeah. This is a tough area.
-They're still parting that
[indistinct] up the hill one.
-Yeah. up the hill, down the
hill. Yes.
-[ Police radio chatter ]
-113, you caught me out here
with 112.
-Yeah, this must be
a patrol unit.
-Yeah, it's a patrol that's got
a motor vehicle stopped
and called for a backup.
-County's up here.
-Okay, Oak County am.
-See it's tinted, windshield's
tinted so you can't see...
-Yeah.
-...occupants.
-Alright.
-[ Police radio chatter ]
-Where is it, where is it?
Keep your hands up, where is it?
-Why?
-Where's your hands?
-[ Police radio chatter ]
-Here.
-Keep your hands up,
keep your hands up.
-What?
-For weapon.
-Secure him now.
-Secure him, secure him,
secure him.
Don't let anybody exit that car.
-Everybody keep your hands up.
-Gun.
Look, two, one at a time.
This is what you're going to do,
copper contact,
one of you keep your eye on him,
when you pull him out,
we're going to bring him back to
the back of the car
we're going to pat them down.
When they're ready,
you give them directions
and you're gonna bring them
to the back
and you're gonna check them.
-Who you talking to?
-I got your back. Okay.
-Alright?
-You're gonna open the door
slow, keep his hands out
and you're gonna grab him
by the arm.
keep the other guy in the back
seat, let him stay there.
-Keep your hands up.
-One by one, one by one.
-I'm gonna open the door.
-Okay. Nice and easy.
-Grab him by the hands,
hold the hands,
guide him to the back
of the car.
-Hold the hands.
-Keep your hands up, bro,
keep your hands up.
I got you.
Anything gonna stick me or poke
me, bro?
You sure.
-He's too close.
-Come here, bro.
-Keep your hands up, keep your
hands up, keep your hands up.
-Skim him on the back of the
car. Bring him to the back.
-Start, uh, sweeping the car.
-Hands out back to the car.
-Back in a car.
-Alright? We don't want to
get hurt, right?
-Basically, we had a car stop
here, motor vehicle stop.
I don't know
what they're pulled over for.
Don't know
what the officer seen,
but they did call for backup.
We have the County Sheriff
here with us.
We also have
our patrol units here.
Two of ours and myself
and the captain are here.
-Same thing for him.
-Captain's taking charge
of the scene.
-Awkward position right?
-As he should.
-Be the driver.
-Sean's a hand--
MacGyver's a hands-on captain,
as you can see.
Very, very safe.
-Another gun.
-No, there's three.
-There's two more.
-Wow. Alright. Hook them up.
Hook them up.
Beautiful.
Good job, guys.
-Can we get the files for this
man or what?
-Alright, let's go
to Marion County in Florida.
This is where that tree was down
with Ryan Deputy Ryan Paxton.
It looks like.
Help [Chuckles] help may have
arrived.
-You put some ear protection in?
-Huh?
-You got some ear protection in?
-I got it. Cotton ball.
I had surgery on my ears.
-Oh, man. I didn't know
if you came prepared
with some ear protection.
-No.
-Alright.
-Man, She woke you right up
out of bed?
-Back live in Paterson,
New Jersey,
where police director
Jerry Speziale
is backing up
the Street Crimes Unit.
You see there the guns
that they recovered.
Officer Eddy Pichardo now
on that scene as well.
-Great job.
All through windows,
look at that.
-[ Police radio chatter ]
-Hey, 12.
You want to just start heading
in, dude, I'll stand by.
-With the call police?
-Yeah, yeah.
Go and get this started.
You'll be here for a while.
Get this started.
Everything's in the glove box
alright?
-Thanks, man.
-No problem.
-So he's going to go inside
to start the process
and start processing them.
And then we'll stick around
until we come get the vehicle
towed.
License plate inside, there's
license plates on the car,
there's paper plates
that we we've...
-Actually.
-Got license plates.
Over -- let me just see.
-There's a registration
from a Hyundai.
-Yeah.
So you got what?
What is that? A Jersey paper.
-Yeah.
-So this is the ones
they've been print-- These are
the ones they've been printing.
These are the ones
they've been printing.
And that's another plate.
So.
Got three different
license plates.
You've got paper plates
that they've been reproducing
as temporary plates.
You got a regular license plate
you get from the Division
of Motor Vehicle.
It's not on the car.
And you got plates on the car.
So. And you got a registration
that comes to a different car.
So this is a great stop.
These guys did a great job.
They may have prevented
a serious shooting.
This could have been
a disaster tonight.
And it would have happened
later, you know.
-And this sounded like this
started just from
tinted windows.
-A simple traffic violation.
That's what those Street Crimes
Units, Gang Units and things
like that across the country,
that's what they do out there.
-As we keep an eye
on our live departments,
I want to show you something
happened earlier in Nye County.
Deputies responded to a call
that involved
a very concealed weapon.
-So right now we just got
dispatched to a disturbance
down south in the south sector
the R.P. is reporting
that his neighbor is attempting
to jump his fence
and is a crazy person.
Doesn't have a name
for the neighbor,
just knows it's a Hispanic male
with no shirt and pants on.
So this is the R.P.'s address.
As you can tell,
there's no one out here
that's running naked.
We're gonna go make contact
with the R.P. and see
exactly what is exactly
going on and go from there.
[ Door closes ]
-Go, go, go, go.
Get in there.
-Okay, you said watch him.
-Nye County Sheriff's office.
Yep. No, you're good.
You didn't know.
-Cell 19, I made contact
with the adverse party.
-Yo, can I talk to you?
-[Bleep]
-You better get out of here,
cop.
[ Man starts vocalizing ]
-Can you come out here
and talk to me?
Can you come out here and talk
to me one minute?
-I've got you, bro.
I'll come out there right now.
Let me get my gun.
-[ Man shouting ]
[ Car door closes,
starts engine ]
-931.
-Get your hands on the ground!
Get back here!
19, male took off to the back.
[ Radio beeps ]
-Nye County, sir, get your --
get out here now!
-Come here, stop, sir.
We do not know who you are.
You better recognize --
-My name is Deputy Ford
with the Nye County Sheriff's,
come out here now.
-Who are you?
-Deputy Ford with
the Nye County Sheriff's.
-Okay.
Put your hands in the air
and step up.
-19, He's not listening to
commands.
-If you are police. Put your
hands in the air and step up.
-Come out here now
with your hands up.
-Put your hands in the air.
-All units...male not
listening to commands.
-Please, sir.
I do not know who you are.
-My name's Deputy Ford with
the Nye County Sheriff's Office.
Come out here now.
-Put your hands in the air and
then step up.
-I don't have eyes on him.
-19, individual's still not
listening to me.
-Why are you coming on me?
Put your hands in the air.
-Male is still not listening.
-19, advise, individual stated
that he will shoot me.
-South 19, the individual did
yet shoot you?
-19, I got my rifle deployed.
Nye County Sheriff's Office.
My name's Deputy Ford with the
Come back outside.
-You got a warrant?
Who are you? Are you --
-Nye County Sheriff's Office.
Get your hands out.
-Who are you?
-19, individual's still
not listening to commands.
He is by the front door.
[ Sirens approach ]
-[ Police radio chatter ]
-He went inside through a side
door right now and closed it.
-Inside the house?
-Yeah he's inside the house now.
All I believe that's inside,
is his mom.
-[ Police radio chatter ]
-Keep your hands up!
Face away from me!
You face away from me!
-[ Police radio chatter ]
-What you got?
What the [Bleep] you got, boy?
The [Bleep] you got?
Get some, boy. Get some.
-He stated
that he had a firearm.
-Get some. Get some, old son.
Get some!
Yeah, boy. Come on, boy.
Come on [Bleep] baby. [Bleep]
Get some.
-Relax.
-What did I do wrong?
You guys came up to me like,
I'm [Bleep] wrong? No, no, no.
I'm not at fault.
I'm just laying here
in my own driveway.
I'm not giving you
nothing, boys.
I'm not giving you nothing.
You already got these on me.
Go on, now, get some.
Get some. You [Bleep] hard boys?
[Bleep] hard? Hello hornet, boy,
yeah you hard.
Get some.
-Hello?
-Sheriff's Office.
-What's going on out here?
-Hey, is everyone okay?
-Yeah, we're fine.
-Alright.
-Are you okay?
-Yes, I'm fine.
-Is there anyone else?
-What's going on out there?
-That's what we're
trying to figure out.
-No, everything's fine in here.
-Are you all by yourself?
-Yeah.
-19, we got one detained.
-Copy 19, one detained.
-Ouch, just let me be, please.
-Double office hooks.
-I'm not a [Bleep] criminal.
-Kim called the police on me
for him.
We're going to rotate him.
-Okay.
-Gotta go out first. Let me do
it, gonna [Bleep] me up?
-He's good.
-Alright.
-We gave you that opportunity.
Stand up.
-So, I don't know. That's
literally what we came for.
Is just a simple disturbance.
Obviously he escalate the
situation and got us out here.
Literally just wanting
to talk to him,
and then he threatens
to sick his dog on me
and grab a gun inside.
Of course, you have
to deal accordingly
and keep your distance
because it is reported
that there are firearms
inside, hunting rifles.
And so he had access
to a firearm. Yes.
And luckily
he didn't bring it out.
And that's the best case
scenario at this point.
-You know, Curtis, this is a guy
who seemed to have some issues,
but that doesn't mean
that it's any less dangerous
for the police involved.
-Absolutely.
Because the officer
doesn't exactly know
what's happening.
He doesn't know if this threat
is real,
if this guy's going to go
grab this gun.
He's out there
by himself as well.
So he is has to think safety
first, which is why he puts
that distance between himself
and this individual.
But I'm glad it turned out
the way that it did.
-Yeah. You know, Nye County,
I think it's the second
largest county in the country.
So for these deputies to respond
that this guy's out there
by himself dealing with someone
potentially with a gun,
you know,
he's going to be out there
for quite a while.
-Alright. We're going to try and
get this fly.
-I wasn't going to -- I didn't
know if I was supposed to
acknowledge it, but yeah.
-We're going to, come on.
-Like a pterodactyl.
-It's the same fly that's been
flying around the whole time.
Alright. Well, we're going
to try and get that fly.
But in the meantime,
let's go to Richland County.
Captain Danny Brown is there.
-It's a chase
Line you to chasing this guy
for a expired plate,
but it's been expired
for over a year,
so it's a good chance --
-[ Police radio chatter ]
-Good chance it could be
a stolen car.
So we're going to try
to get ahead of her.
She's still back there in
renters neighborhoods.
-[ Police radio chatter ]
-Not really high speeds,
but she's actually starting
to go away from us,
so we're going to try to work
our way over to her.
-[ Police radio chatter ]
-Sounds like one of the units
got spikes ahead of her already.
So we'll come around this way.
See if we get spikes on
this side just in case.
-Ground sticks are set up
and help ourselves.
-Alright. It seems the lead car
there lost the visual,
but we'll certainly
keep you updated
if anything changes there.
In the meantime,
it's an opportunity to get
in our Crime of the Week.
Curtis, what you got for us?
-Well, our crime of the week
is going to take us
to Byron, Georgia,
where several drivers,
they called 911 to report
a woman veering her SUV
into oncoming traffic.
They use their cars to box her
in until police arrive.
Here's what happened next.
[ Horns honking ]
-Police are pleading
with this runaway driver
to get out of her car,
but apparently
she has other plans.
Yes.
-You heard right,
in the back seat,
she has a small child.
-Now.
-Look out!
-Break glass, break glass.
-Get out the car.
Get out. Get out.
-Stop!
-Tires are flat.
-Stop, stop.
Stop the car! Stop the car!
-After hitting
two police cars
and knocking several people
to the ground, she takes off.
-Come on.
[ Siren wails ]
With one of the tires now flat.
The car eventually
comes to a stop.
Police around the vehicle.
She backs up
and hits the police car.
-You stay here.
[Chatter ]
-She's not going to make it far.
-Now for those keeping track
at home,
she's now hit three police cars.
-Go.
[ Sirens wailing ]
-At this point,
the car can barely move.
An officer breaks the car window
but removing this woman
from the vehicle...
Sir, I know I'm buckled, sir.
-Well, that's easier said
than done.
-I didn't do anything.
I didn't do it, sir.
-You just tried to kill ten
people.
-No I did not sir.
-Alex.
-No, guys, stop!
Sir! I Didn't do it.
Stop! Let go!
I haven't done. Stop.
Stop. I didn't do it.
-It won't fit.
There we go.
-I didn't do it. Stop.
I did not do it.
I did not do whatever you guys
are talking about.
-While, police deal
with the suspect.
Several bystanders
sprang into action.
-I did not do whatever you guys
are talking about.
I did not do anything you guys
-No.
-Ma'am, you just wrecked
three police cars.
-No I did not.
-The little girl is removed
from the car.
And now time for this Good
Samaritan to go full mama bear.
-You could've killed that kid!
-I didn't do anything.
-Yes you did! You almost killed
three [Bleep] people!
How though? What did I do?
-Don't even ask how!
-You hit three people right
here!
-Put her in my car.
-Yeah.
-[ Police radio chatter ]
-Well, now we're going to need
all new cars.
-I just that's brand-new just
got it on the road this week.
Well, listen.
-Well, the suspect,
24 year old Sierra Hibbert
of one of Robins, Georgia,
she now faces
a slew of felonies,
including six counts
of aggravated assault.
-Yeah, the
"I didn't do anything wrong."
You know, that rings hollow.
But seeing that kid in the back,
that just changes everything.
-Kudos to the the civilians
that stepped up
and got involved
and helped out on that.
-Yeah. Alright.
Let's take a break here.
We are live
in seven departments.
We're looking at 42 live feeds
coming in right now.
And then I look at these guys
and we're coming right back.
-We're live
in Nye County, Nevada,
with Lieutenant Eric Murphy.
-Waving at me.
-Nye-8.
-Tripping out with a female
on West Street
right in front of the church
flagging me down.
So this lady started
And she's pointing
out something.
Looks like I got a male over
here in the grass, passed out.
-I don't know
if he's okay or not.
-Alright, I'll check on him.
-If he's just sleeping or what?
I don't want to go up there
because I'm by myself.
-I got you. We'll check on him.
-Okay, thank you.
Nye-8.
-Nye-8?
-Out with a male.
Don't know if he's unconscious
or if he's just sleeping
on the grass next to the church.
White T-shirt.
Brown pants.
-Copy.
-It's the guy from --
I should...
What are you doing, John?
You alright?
Well, this lady was strolling by
and was worried about
you sleeping on the grass
why are you or sleeping on the
grass of the church, man?
-Just a rest.
-Taking a rest?
-Why, is that an issue?
-Well, it's private property.
And she was worried about you.
-You are?
-Correct.
-Since when?
-Since I was eight years old.
-Since what?
-It doesn't mean you can
just sleep on their grass.
-I was just taking a rest
that's all.
-So what you're telling me
is you're going to be
moving on, right?
-Yep.
-Quit digging in your pockets
till I'm done.
I'm done talking with you.
-Alright.
-So if I call them,
they're going to be okay
with you laying here?
I don't remember you ever
attending this church.
Do you do it in this church?
-I did.
I was baptized in this church
when I was eight.
[Indistinct speech]
-Let me ask you a question, man.
How long have I known you?
-For a long time. Right.
-Yeah.
-What made you why are you
going this route?
-What route am I going?
-The homeless route.
You know,
you're comfortable, too.
I know, but you're better than
that, you know that.
-Doesn't make --
-My kids, my kids grew up
with you guys and -- Why are you
choosing this, though?
-It's just something
I have to do.
-What do you mean you have --
-Obviously he's known them
for a long time there.
Trying to give some advice.
In the meantime, let's go
to Richland County.
Captain Danny Brown there,
pulling over a vehicle.
Looks like for running
a red light an.
-...miles an hour, so.
Connecticut plates.
I was getting ready to go
through that light
and he come right through it.
Let's see why he's driving
and not paying attention.
How are you doing, ma'am?
Do you not see that red light?
-I did not.
-Didn't?
-I totally didn't.
-I was getting ready to
come through my green light and
you came right in front of us.
-I'm sorry. Oh, I didn't.
I'm not eating from here.
-Okay? You get your driver's
license today, ma'am?
-You're lost? Where y'all
trying to get to? It's okay.
-I got to reach right here
in my bag.
-Okay. Alright.
No weapons in there.
-No.
-Okay. No, no, no.
I was just --
We ask.
Oh, hey. Just some little ones
in the back?
-Yeah.
Yeah, you were doing about 35
when you went through
that red light right there,
ma'am?
-Yeah, I did not.
-Ooh. Luckily, I looked over
because we would have met.
-Yeah, and, I'm so sorry.
I did not
-Y'all just down visiting.
-Yeah.
-Okay. Alright.
-Just got in town.
-How long you're in town for?
For a little while?
-Just today.
-Okay.
-Well, you all please be safe.
Make sure you pay attention
for the red lights. Okay?
-Thank you. I'm so sorry.
-Alright.
Colombia's a cool place.
everybody likes to
see everything but...
-Alright. We will keep
a close eye on that.
But right now, we want to
bring in an old friend
from the National Center
for Missing
and Exploited Children,
Angeline Hartmann.
Angeline, it has been too long.
Great to see you.
-Great to see you guys.
Congratulations
on this new show.
This is so awesome for everybody
all the way around.
I'm so happy to be here.
-Alright.
Now let's get to tonight's case.
Curtis, what do we got.
-Uh, Opie Nation tonight.
We really need your help to find
a missing Kentucky teenager.
On May 26, 2021,
Kamaria Johnson,
She vanished from a home
in Radcliff, Kentucky,
just outside of Louisville.
Angeline, what were the
circumstances
behind Kamaria's disappearance?
Well, Curtis, Kamaria apparently
had a disagreement
with her family
the night she disappeared
and she took off
in the middle of the night.
She had no cell phone.
She had no money,
and she didn't even take
her glasses with her.
After that, nobody really knows
what happened.
-I understand investigators
got a really good lead
right after she went missing.
-Right. So what happened is
later on that day,
somebody came forward and said
they gave Kamaria a ride
to a convenience store
in the neighboring county,
and they didn't realize it was
Kamaria until later that day.
So they go
and they tell the family.
Police follow up on that lead
and they find
the surveillance footage
and they can see Kamaria
in that surveillance footage.
They see her coming
into the store
and they see her leave
that store.
But that's where
the trail goes cold.
-Angeline, have you had a chance
to talk to our family?
-I have.
I talked to her mom today
and basically she stressed
that this is not like Kamaria
to disappear.
She is a straight-A student.
She is in color guard.
She's very close to her family.
And it's really puzzling
and very upsetting to everybody.
-Alright. Now let's take
another look at Kamaria.
She's black, 17 years of age,
5'5", 155 pounds.
And when she was last seen,
she had braids on.
But one more note.
She normally wears glasses,
but when she left home,
she did not take them with her.
If you know where she is
or have any information
about her disappearance,
please call the National Center
for Missing
and Exploited Children.
The number is 1-800-THE-LOST.
That's 1-800-843-5678.
-Thanks, Curtis. We really
appreciate this opportunity.
I know that Opie Nation is going
to pull through for us
on this one, so, again,
great to see you guys.
Congratulations and good luck
with this new show.
-Thanks, Angeline.
Now some exciting news
to share
beside the National Center
for Missing
and Exploited Children.
We'll also be partnering with
another incredible organization,
the Black and Missing
Foundation.
Black and Missing,
committed to locating
missing people of color.
We look forward
to working with them
in the weeks and months ahead.
Let's go back
to Richland County.
We've got a report there
of an officer in distress,
Master Deputy Perez, responding.
-She didn't say nothing.
[ Siren wailing ]
We have one of our deputies
who initiated a traffic stop
-[ Police radio chatter ]
-She advised that someone
was trying to
run out of the vehicle.
So we're trying
to catch up to her.
They send a signal 18?
[ Siren continues ]
-What's your cross
on their 200?
-At Horseshoe Circle,
they're up at Horseshoe Circle.
-Right. 85-12 two notch.
-906 was on the Horseshoe Circle
that's -- pretending from there.
[ Siren continues wailing ]
-Disregard.
[ Siren stops ]
-Ocean-203, 10-98 tag three.
-[ Police radio chatter ]
-Having 10's issues
having a 22-36.
-Alright we've got enough units
here for to rides here.
Everybody, just slow it down.
-10-4 we're signaling team
there's 69-1 two times.
-In this waistband,
he's got them wrong.
-Waistband?
-Alright.
-Just go ahead and sit down
right there for now.
[Indistinct speech]
-Let's go ahead
and pat him down.
-[ Police radio chatter ]
-You have the right to remain
silent.
Anything you say can and will be
used against you in court.
You've got the right to speak
with an attorney
have him or her present with you
while you're being questioned.
If you cannot afford to hire
an attorney,
one will be appointed to
represent you in the court.
-Shake all over the floor?
-You can ask at any time,
if these directions do not make
any sense.
-Ash, grab my gloves out of my
consul, please.
-You have anything hidden on
you? Alright.
-Ash, do you see?
-What I want you to do is
tuck your legs,
I'm gonna stand you up.
If you take off running, I'm
gonna taser you, you understand?
-Reaching and that.
-Mm-hmm.
-He was trying to.
-I got you just relax.
-Hey, don't try walking away.
Stay right here where I got you.
Just relax, man.
Spread your legs out for me.
Spread your legs out
-Hey, relax, man.
-Here you go.
-How old are you, bro?
-Chief.
-19?
-You got dope.
-Cool.
-Hey, hey.
-Nice.
-Yeah, it was under --
it was right underneath you.
-Yeah.
-So don't even say it was.
-Here you go. Be careful.
-Bro, quit moving around, man.
Hey, stop.
-Alright. So courtesy
of your department there,
the initial call
that we at least got
was that it was
an officer in distress.
That could mean a lot
of different things?
-A lot of different things,
but what it means
is if you're on your way,
step it up a little bit
because I need some assistance.
And it can call a lot of
different people
will be immediately coming in.
-Just about almost everywhere.
-Yeah. Alright.
Let's keep an eye
on our live departments,
but we want to show you
something happened earlier
in Berkeley County
where an erratic driver
was refusing to pull over.
-We're going to stop this guy to
see what he's up to right now.
His speed has went
from 47 to 58,
all within the same speed
limit zone,
He keeps drifting over
the set of center lines.
I want to see if he's under
the influence of alcohol
or drugs or other stuff.
-[ Police radio chatter ]
-144, 10-4.
-Driver of the vehicle,
you're under arrest.
If you bail from the vehicle,
you will be dogged.
Driver of the vehicle,
you are under arrest.
If you bail from the vehicle,
you will be apprehended
by a police dog.
[ Siren wailing ]
-108, stop sticks at 52 in front
of the advent building.
-Good hit, good hit.
-Good hit?
-Good hit with the spike strip.
-180, he's coming to a stop
here. [Indistinct speech]
[ Car door closes ]
You're under arrest,
if you get out of the car you
will be dog bit.
[ Dog barking ]
Sir, if you exit the vehicle
or you will be dog bit.
[ Barking continues ]
Let me see your hands,
walk back.
Walk back, wa-- hey!
Get your hands out your pockets.
Don't go back in that car or
you're gonna be dog bit.
-Face the other way. Walk back.
Keep walking back.
Come to your left.
To your left. Left. Left.
[ Barking continues ]
-I got you covered.
-[Indistinct speech]
-Yes, it's inside the car.
-You want to come to me?
-Yeah.
-Alright, back it, back it.
-One...
-Yeah. This your car?
-Yes.
-Hey, Austin, good teamwork.
-Thank you.
-He likes to use them because
he's got the coloring books,
the coloring markers,
the multicolored pens.
It's pretty indicative that
whenever we, we stop someone,
you see, though, that's usually
some kind of meth.
They love the color and pencil
and gives them something to do
while they're doing their drugs.
If we were to offer you
a breath or a blood test,
obviously I don't believe you're
under the influence of alcohol,
but I believe you're going to be
under the influence of drugs,
which is that something
you'd want to do,
give blood a blood sample
for testing to see if
you're under the influence of
drugs while you're driving?
Okay. Alright, man, just sit
tight, alright?
-Well, you mean, like, the car.
Well, when I walk up, we just
had a high speed pursuit.
Alright, not really high speed,
but I come up, you're sleeping.
Alright, like.
I mean, I got, you know, --
And the other thing is, too,
you know, in your eyes.
Like I said, that's why
I'm asking is your your speech
is thick and slurred,
your movements
and stuff like that, man,
like, your driving.
So that's why I'm asking.
Alright? So would you want to.
Would you want to provide
a blood sample
for testing to see if you're
on the influence of drugs?
-Okay, I'm alright. Man.
-He's a frequent flier,
we've been dealing with
this dude for a long time.
So another arrest
in the books for him.
-And they use
the spike strips here
and there's a particular
technique to use spike strips.
-Yeah, they call them spike
strips, stop sticks.
It is a great tool for those
of us in law enforcement to use
to hopefully safely stop
a pursuit preventing the public
or even the suspect themselves
from being in danger.
-But how do you prevent --
Oh, you got to fly again?
-It's on his head, again,
I don't want you to be a meme.
-Yeah.
-Yes. Yes, it's going to happen.
-But when you when you're using
the spike stick, the --
-Stop sticks.
Spike strips. Yeah.
-I'm looking at the clock.
-I know you are.
-Agh!, and, and.
[ Chuckles ]
You have to make sure that the
cars behind it don't get hit.
-Absolutely.
So it's very important.
So when that stick goes out
and the car goes over it,
they have to pull it back in
quick before the follow,
you know,
law enforcement vehicles
following closely behind.
-Hopefully as quickly
as doing something like that.
-There you go.
-I didn't actually have the fly
in my area at the time.
Let's get a break, because
I'm seeing, I'm seeing lights
flashing in three
of our seven departments.
We are live in Beech Grove.
We're live in Nye
we're live in Richland,
Paterson, Marion,
Berkley, Volusia.
We're coming right back.
-Yeah, so we're good.
Hey, there's a camera
right there,
if you do anything silly,
it's going to catch it.
So just be cool.
[Indistinct speech] So Chief
Meetze out here did --
she get a traffic stop
on these guys.
One of them tried to bail
on her. She got him.
There's a strong,
very strong odor of marijuana
coming out of car.
Passenger side,
they've already found
multiple bags of marijuana.
Definitely would be distribution
for what we're seeing.
And we'll go back to see
what else they got.
But, I can guarantees he's
definitely going to be going to
jail for that weed that she's
finding right now.
Multiple big bags looks like
about maybe 28 grams or so each.
And that'll be possession
with intent to distribute
in our state and he's on an
ankle monitor
which is going to be interesting
to see what he's out on
right now and then maybe or not
add some more charges to
and based on
what else they find in there.
-There's gotta be a gun
somewhere up in there.
-He was reaching.
-I haven't checked back there
yet, because --
-I checked this out. Alright.
-Hey, Chief,
he's got a ton of cash
in his pocket right here too.
-He has also this going on.
-So that first suspect has cash
in his pocket.
If you look, he's folded up
just like this
and it'll be readily
in the ready denominations
that they'll fold it up.
They buy $20 in weed,
and they'll just fold it up
like this, $10.
And he's got it all separated
into little stacks in here so.
That's all separated just like
they'd given to him
for whatever he was selling so.
-Dan?
-Yes, ma'am?
-You searched him really good,
'cause I haven't found
a gun yet.
-Yeah.
He didn't have a gun on him.
But they don't mean he couldn't
have tossed anything.
Did they take a minute
to pull over, Chief?
-Yeah.
And he was the passenger.
-Oh, Lord!
-Got some more weed back there?
-Hey, Chief.
-Beautiful.
-Couple pounds right there.
-[ Police radio chatter ]
-Good job, Chief.
-[Indistinct speech]
So let's see
how much they got back there.
-Chief. Chief. It's going to be
endless for you right now.
-Hey, Chief!
-Chief, it's all in these bags.
-In the book bags.
-Still got some skill out here.
-See if there's
any weapons in here.
-This thing's full of marijuana.
-I just opened it,
but I didn't see anything.
And I pulled out that box
right there with the duchess.
-Yeah.
-I'm checking in the bags now.
-Golly, boy!
-Hey, which way did you
come from, Chief?
-Down here.
Like coming out-bound?
-We were in a lot of traffic
coming up from, uh..
-Alright.
-Uh...Decker?
-If they'd have tossed it,
it probably would've been
right back here.
-I feel something.
-Y'all search the driver?
-Yeah.
-Searched the driver
right there.
-Already read Mirandized him
and everything so.
-Right behind you, Russ.
-Okay. That's the jar.
I thought felt a gun here,
but I guess not. No.
-Whew! Smells like vomit
out here.
-So they found multiple bags,
couple pounds each
in the rear trunk
in the trunk.
Definitely distribution, so in
our state, if it hits 10 pounds
it's trafficking, they're going
to be pretty close to that.
So we're going
to keep searching.
Nine times out of ten, if they
get this much dope in money,
they're going to have guns.
So we're going to double check
back there where they initially
were trying to stop
and see if there was a
gun tossed.
Chief, I walked that grass line
back there,
just to see if they
tossed anything.
-I didn't see.
There was a truck that kept me
from getting over.
-Yeah.
-But I would say that they had
seen me at that point.
-There's marijuana everywhere.
-Alright.
A lot of green there.
-There's no way for us.
-And speaking of looking
for a gun, in Berkeley County,
Corporal Barry Lowe
has got a report of someone
with a gun in a club.
-Central, 116 wants to cut 32.
-10-3
-Alright. Copy.
I'm combing the area.
So Deputy Tucker
stopped the vehicle
on the South Lawvett Airport.
The female had a flier
about a party over here.
Apparently, somebody presented
a firearm at somebody.
So we're coming in the area.
It looks like they have a little
block party going on right now.
So.
-Stolen vehicle still in the
small mart [Indistinct speech]
-Central 116,
they're running back into the,
looks like the club over here.
-Said they ran into the club?
-Yeah. They're running
all over the place.
-[ Police radio chatter ]
There's a lot of marijuana
smell out here.
-[ Police radio chatter ]
-K-1-9.
-10-4. We have a large crowd of
people dumping out of the
[Indistinct] venue.
[Indistinct speech]
-Alright, we're gonna get out.
[ Chatter ]
-What are you going to do?
Come on.
Don't talk about it,
be about it.
That's what I thought.
Everybody wants to show out
when a camera gets out here,
but when we talk to them
that they want to disperse.
So.
-Boy.
-Yeah.
-Well, let's do a little party
hopping and go to
Paterson, New Jersey,
where there is also a report
of a major party
there with a disturbance.
-Sorry, we're getting
so many complaints.
We've got to break it up.
I'm sorry.
Okay, we got to break it up.
-Okay.
-Alright, let's go. Thank you.
Thank you.
We got to break it up.
-The video was recorded,
so I'm going.
-You heard that, L.T.?
I grabbed that asset I had.
I was like --
Hey, director just trying
to show you that he's --
You took the wrong guy from 12.
They needed him and they --
but the he, actually the guy who
come out to the car, the guy
goes, "I've got a gun in my
fanny pack." just like that.
-Gotta love that.
-And then they found two more.
-Anyone not at 94 Carol St.
assisting the Cap
-Listen.
-It's sad that we can't even
have a party.
-You can't...listen
You can't with the noise.
We aren't even doing nothing we
having a [Bleep] birthday party.
-Everybody that's on this block.
-Listen, they're gonna give,
they're going to issue tickets.
-Y'all don't worry about.
They're going to issue
-[Bleep] party.
-Listen.
-This is crazy.
-[Bleep]
-Come on, guys.
It's not a big deal.
-No. Y'all can let us party.
[Bleep]
-There's no need --
-[Bleep]
-We could tell them to turn it
down.
-The people in there are
calling.
-We could tell them to turn it
down --
-We'll let the police officers
are going to decide what's --
-Alright. Let's go back
to Richland County,
back to Captain Danny Brown,
where they found
that green acre.
They did not find a weapon.
They -- remember they were
going to look to see
if there was any gun.
They did not find one.
-He's just got weed after weed
after weed here.
Then they got these little bags.
Big ones?
Ah!
The what? The first one,
the passenger?
-Yeah.
-He's in that car
right there, Chief.
-And then the other one's
over here.
So the one that's driving
with the passengers
over there in the cage.
-The passengers in that cage.
-That's a driver?
Hey, Chief, I think you're,
I think you're 10 pounds.
-Good job, Chief.
-I think she's definitely
at 10 pounds.
So if in fact, they are at 10
pounds, its gonna bump
the charge up to trafficking,
which is quite a bit.
She's got a lot here, actually.
It's a lot of weed.
-I got the driver.
-Dude, they got a lot of weed,
man.
Even I can smell this
-God.
That's a couple pounds,
right there.
And they get like three
or four of these.
Jiminy Christmas.
-"Even I can smell this."
Curtis?
He's well known.
-Let me tell you, Danny,
if there's some weed
in the area that's snozzle's
going to find it.
I mean, he could be three
or four cars deep
and know there's a car that's
got some weed.
-Let's get in a break.
We are seeing lights flashing
in three of our,
actually four of our seven
departments right now.
So let's come back after a quick
break.
-[ Police radio chatter ]
-Okay.
-Want to make
a traffic stop on this bike.
He doesn't have
a license plate.
Looks like
it might be flipped up.
[ Siren wailing ]
He ain't gonna stop.
He's not going to pull over.
Control, Beech Grove, 35.
[ Wailing continues ]
I've got a motorcycle
refusing to stop.
He's going eastbound on 465.
Speed's at 40 right now.
-Do you have a mile marker?
-Just got off Emerson.
He's got his license plate
flipped up.
It's a white male with a gray
sweatshirt on and jeans.
I think he's going to stop here.
[ Wailing continues ]
[ Police radio chatter ]
Put your hands up!
Put your hands
on top of your head!
Hey, put your hands
[ Police radio chatter
continues ]
Put your hands
on top of your head!
On top of your head!
Dude!
Put your hands on top
of your head!
Hey, just listen to me!
Just put your hands
on top of your head!
Put your hands
I know you can hear me!
-332 and 329,
one of you can disregard.
-Control, can we hold traffic?
He's not cooperating with us.
Put your hands
on top of your head, dude!
[ Police radio chatter ]
Yeah.
Going to cuff him.
Hands behind your back.
Behind your back.
-You're fine.
-You're good.
-Your license plate's
flipped up.
-10-55.
-Yeah.
[ Speaks indistinctly ]
-Go ahead and step off
the bike for me.
Can you put your kickstand down?
-I've been on the road
for like --
-Affirmative
-Hey, step towards me, buddy.
-Can you put his kickstand down?
-It is down. It is down.
-It's down?
-Step towards me.
[ Police radio chatter
continues ]
Come back here.
-Can you tell me
what I'm handcuffed for?
-Your license plate
was flipped up.
You forgot to flip it
back down.
-You handcuff people
for license plates?
-I lit you up,
and you weren't going to stop.
-You thought about running.
-No, I thought -- no.
I thought you were, like --
like, "Why you pulling me over?
Like, I'm going,
like, so slow."
Why would I run?
What did I do wrong?
You don't have anything that I
did wrong, so why would I run?
-Alright, we'll talk about it
in a second.
Just chill out, okay?
-You guys need to chill out.
This guy holding the camera.
-[ Speaks indistinctly ]
-So, like, what did you
pull me over for really?
-The license plate, man.
Stop. Do not move.
Do not try to walk away
from me.
[ Indistinct talking ]
I've told you three times.
Look this way.
-[ Speaks indistinctly ]
-Hey, do you...
Did you take everything
off of him?
-[ Speaks indistinctly ]
-Do you want bags to go in?
-Say what?
-Do you want a bag?
-Yeah, he's 10-55.
-Sticks,
important to clarify here,
he's not under arrest.
-Yeah, just because
he's detained right now
doesn't necessarily mean
this guy's going to go to jail.
He didn't stop
for the officer initially.
Motorcycles can take off
very quickly on a traffic stop.
They're going to put him
into custody
for the time being
while they figure things out.
-Because it really can be
tricky for cops
when a motorcycle flees.
-Just like he said,
you know, motorcycles can
take off really fast.
Not only that, but they can
maneuver and go places
in a quicker distance or turn
than law enforcement can,
so, yeah.
-Let's go back live
onto that scene.
-...out here.
I see you every day. Every day.
-I'm Sergeant Garrison with the
Beech Grove Police Department.
-Okay.
-Okay?
The reason I pulled you over
is that your license plate
was flipped up
and I couldn't read it,
okay?
You failed to yield right away,
alright?
You're in handcuffs now, and I'm
going to read you something.
I need you to listen to me.
You're just being detained.
You're not under arrest.
Do you understand?
You have the right
to remain silent.
[ Police radio chatter ]
You have the right
to remain silent.
Anything you say
can and will be
used against you
in a court of law.
You have the right
to talk to a lawyer
and have them present with you
while you're being questioned.
If you cannot afford
to hire a lawyer,
one will be appointed
to represent you
before any questioning,
if you wish.
You can decide at any time
to exercise his rights
and not answer any questions
or make any statements.
You understand these rights?
Okay, how much have you had
to drink tonight, man?
-I had a couple beers earlier
with my guys.
-Okay, a coup-
-A few hours ago.
-A few hours ago?
-Yes.
-Where at?
-At my house right down here.
-Okay.
-[ Speaks indistinctly ]
Okay. Hey, who's...
Where's your car at?
Can I take him to your car
so I can talk to him?
I'm having trouble hearing him.
-[ Speaks indistinctly ]
-Yeah, can we put him
in your car?
-Yes.
[ Speaks indistinctly ]
-Well, I'm going
to have to do --
we're going to have to...
-[ Speaks indistinctly ]
-So what was the real issue?
Like, this is not normal.
This is definitely not normal.
-You can just
throw him in there.
-Okay, have a seat.
-I need you to be honest.
-Have a seat in here for me,
okay, so we can talk.
-[ Speaks indistinctly ]
-Okay. Alright.
-Like, this is not normal.
-Hey, I'm just putting you
in here so I can talk to you,
so I can hear you, okay,
'cause it's super loud
out there, okay?
-I know.
My voice is very, very low.
-Yeah, okay, so where were you
drinking at earlier?
-Just at my house over here.
-Your house?
Where do you live at?
-Like, right here on Victory.
-On Victory?
-[ Speaks indistinctly ]
-Okay.
And how much do you think
you've had to drink tonight?
-I had a couple beers
with the guys earlier.
-A couple beers?
-The issue isn't
the beers or drinking.
The issue is you guys
and what's going on here.
What is the real issue?
Don't lie to me.
-Okay, the issue is that
you're plate was flipped up,
and I've told you this.
-Have you guys had issues
with bikes lately?
-No.
-Are you attacking bikes?
I mean --
-It is common for bikes to have
their license plate flipped up
when they're street-racing.
You weren't street-racing.
I'm not saying you were...
-I was going super slow...
-...but you have to have
your license...
-...I complete stopped
at the red light,
I didn't break any laws,
other than the license plate,
which probably
one of the old guys
thought it was funny
to tease me.
-Hey, can you check
for task force?
See if they want this?
-[ Speaks indistinctly ]
[ Police radio chatter ]
-We're just young guys
racing around here.
-I can hit for them.
I can message them.
[ Speaks indistinctly ]
-Okay.
-So, like, is, like,
the license plate unreadable
an arrestable offense?
-No.
You're in handcuffs
right now
'cause you didn't pull over
right away.
-I did pull over.
-You pulled over eventually.
-No, I pulled over to let you
around me on a two-lane road.
-Okay, we could've stopped
up there.
Hey, man, I'm not gonna argue
with you, okay?
-Yes, you are arguing with me.
-You're arguing with me.
We're not going to do this,
okay?
-You're not the one handcuffed,
'cause you don't --
-So what do you think
you would blow
on a portable breath test
right now?
-Dude, the whole point is,
why did you pull me over?
What law did I break?
-What do you think you would
blow on a portable breath test?
-You guys are, like...
We're not playing your game.
-Okay.
-I don't know what --
I mean, I literally --
my house --
-So your plate's expired.
-I'm not talking --
I'm talking to him.
-Okay.
You asked what you were
pulled over for.
-No, that's not
what I was pulled over for,
so that's --
-Your plate was flipped up,
and it's also expired.
-Okay, so is that arrestable?
-The issue is not how many beers
he drank,
it's the fact
that he was pulled over
that is the issue,
apparently.
-Correct. Nor the license plate
that the officer couldn't see.
That's not an issue, either.
-No.
-Alright, now, we normally
are going to be riding
with eight departments,
but this weekend,
one of those eight not here,
and that's the Bernalillo County
Sheriff's Office in New Mexico.
Tragically,
as you may have heard,
last week, three members
of that department,
along with
a Bernalillo County firefighter,
were killed when
their helicopter crashed
while assisting with a wildfire.
They were
Undersheriff Larry Koren,
Lieutenant Fred Beers,
Deputy Michael Levison,
and Rescue Specialist
Matthew King.
Just wanted to specifically say
that our thoughts tonight
are with their families,
their colleagues
at the Bernalillo Sheriff's
Office and Fire Department,
as well as the entire
Bernardino County community.
Let's get in a break.
Come right back.
-...for me, okay?
-We're back
in Beech Grove, Indiana,
remember, where
Sergeant Joe Garrison
couldn't see a license plate
on this guy's motorcycle.
He said he'd had
a couple of beers,
was not happy about
being pulled over,
but now has apparently refused
to take a portable breath test.
-"If you have at least one
previous conviction
for operating
a vehicle intoxicated,
your refusal to submit
to a chemical test
will result in a suspension
for two years.
Will you now submit
to a chemical test for me?"
-What are you talking about?
-Will you now submit
to a chemical test for me?
I'm not going to read it again.
-You literally pulled me over
for a license plate?
-Okay, refuse -- Okay.
If you do not answer me, I'm
gonna take that as a refusal.
-I don't understand
why you're --
-Okay, so you're refusing
to take a breath --
chemical test for me?
Okay. Thank you.
-'Cause of the license plate?
I don't understand
what you're talking about.
-I've explained it to you
enough, okay?
We're not gonna keep doing this.
Huh?
-How do you want to do it?
-He doesn't care.
-I'm waiting to hear back
from 45.
-He's on a run.
-What run's he on?
-There's an incomplete call
at 31-31.
But all of us were down here,
and they didn't --
-Yeah, 'cause you're down here
harassing people.
-Are we on one still?
-Yeah.
-Okay.
-Harassing people.
Got more important things to do
other than harass...
-It shows an incomplete call
at 31-31?
-Do you hate bikes?
Is it a bike thing?
-When he's done with that --
[ Indistinct talking ]
Huh?
-Were you gonna have him
transport for you?
-I was gonna see
if he would do it.
-I mean, I guess you guys
just don't like bikes,
I guess, is the issue.
-Yeah, there's only one
task force I can see.
-If a car didn't have a plate
on it, you wouldn't arrest them.
-They already have two.
-Yeah.
-Okay.
-We've got a report
of shots fired
in Richland County,
South Carolina.
Let's go there now.
[ Siren wailing ]
-So we got shots fired
with one hit
right around the corner here.
We're heading over there.
We're gonna cut through
right here.
[ Wailing continues ]
[ Radio beeps ]
300, I'm 88 with it.
[ Wailing continues ]
[ Beep ]
-Region 2.
-We don't have any updates yet.
It just came out.
-Incident assigned.
-Hold on, guys.
[ Wailing continues ]
[ Beep, radio chatter ]
-That's our suspect vehicle.
[ Radio beeps ]
-Hey, you broke up.
Say it again.
-Burgundy Nissan Frontier.
Towards Two Notch.
-So we're getting on scene.
Got a Nissan Frontier
left out of here.
[ Radio chatter ]
[ Radio beeps ]
-Burgundy Nissan Frontier
headed towards Two Notch.
[ Vehicle door opens, dinging ]
See what we got.
-Your incident has been updated.
[ Dog barking in distance ]
[ Radio chatter ]
Guys, we got enough on scene.
See something, you start cutting
for the Frontier.
[ Indistinct conversation ]
-EMS is on the way.
EMS on the way.
It's okay.
-It hurts, it hurts, it hurts.
[ Indistinct talking ]
-Nissan Frontier?
-Yeah.
-Okay.
-Ow!
-Did you see anything, ma'am?
-I saw the guy that was --
He was in a red truck.
-Did you see which it went?
-I recorded it.
-Oh, you did?
-I didn't see what way he went
when he left here, but --
-You mind just hanging out
a little bit
till the investors get here?
-Yeah, that's fine.
-So we got a white female
on the ground who got shot.
We're not sure who did it
or what happened.
But we got witnesses that
possibly got it on video.
The truck went up towards
Two Notch Road.
So we'll see if we can get her
taken care of real quick.
Do you know how many people
were in it?
-Just him.
-Just him?
-He actually just pulled up
before the firefighter got here.
He was here probably I'd say
two minutes before he pulled --
the fire truck pulled up.
-Black male, white male?
-Black male.
He had a kind of Afro.
He had a scar on his left side
of his eye.
Like, it was a burn mark.
A scar.
-Does it look like a Nissan?
-It's a Toyota -- a Toyota --
a Nissan.
-Oh, that's a Nissan.
Hey, it's a Nissan Frontier.
Burgundy color.
Bravo Mike -- There's a single
Bravo Mike in it with an Afro.
And he's got a scar
on the left side of his face.
Took off towards Two Notch.
Newer-model Nissan Frontier.
That's a good video.
Oh, okay.
-He said the truck
went next door,
skateboard park parking lot.
-Let's go over there.
Hey, just stay right here, okay?
-Okay.
-Hey. Hey, we think
the truck's over here.
We're gonna go over there.
-Okay.
Hey, Dwight Meyers.
-Alright.
You got this witness
right here, too, so...
[ Indistinct conversations ]
Suspect vehicle might be
across the street, so...
Hey, Trav. Over there?
Alright.
We got a female victim.
She's talking and conscious
and everything.
So that's a good sign.
Some witnesses said
that suspect vehicle
may have gone across the street.
[ Radio chatter ]
[ Radio beeps ]
Hey, suspect vehicle may be
across the street
at the skate park.
We're going to check now.
[ Radio chatter ]
Witnesses said
they saw him pull...
-We've talked about this before,
Sean.
Eyewitnesses so important,
when someone's willing to help.
-Absolutely,
especially on a shooting,
you know, a violent crime.
Oftentimes, our witnesses,
they flee the scene.
They don't stay around
to talk to us
and provide
that vital suspect information
at the beginning
of the investigation.
And that allows these guys
to go up and start, you know,
searching for the suspect
right now.
-And, Curtis, he has to be
careful, though, right?
-Absolutely, be careful about
everything that's going on.
And plus, you know,
what was good, too,
was that they got a detailed
description of this individual
and also the vehicle,
so therefore,
going out to surround this area
and just convey and try to find
exactly this person responsible.
[ Radio beeps ]
-As he continues to search
for that suspect,
let's sneak in a break.
"On Patrol: Live"
is coming right back.
[ Radio chatter ]
-We're gonna go back to that
shooting in Richland County.
But first, let's go
to Marion County in Florida.
Deputy Ryan Paxton there
responding to an accident.
-Oh, wow.
Oh, wow.
-It rolled over.
-Oh, wow.
-I'm embarrassed.
I'm really embarrassed.
Oh.
-Everybody's good?
-Yeah, everybody's alright.
-Good.
-I'm glad I'm alive.
-Well,good. We are, too.
-Hmm?
-Said we are, too.
-Oh, yeah.
-Oh, I thought I was gonna hit
the duck pond
or the pond in general.
-Oh, man.
-Um...
-She said basically
the tires are bald.
She hit, like, a puddle and just
went right off the road.
-Oh, my goodness.
-Probably like
a 180-degree-angle turn
and then flipped over
like once or twice.
-So am I good to talk to him?
-Yeah.
-Okay.
What happened over here, man?
-You said what, now?
-Said what happened over here?
Watch out.
Get out of the road.
You don't want to get hit.
-All I know, man, we was
coming through the light.
-Sure.
-She got over in this lane.
-Uh-huh.
-My driver tire --
my driver tire kind of bald,
so as soon as she go
through this lane,
she's sliding like this.
-Geez, Louise.
-We went sliding. Like, you see
the tire marks right there.
-Uh-huh. Oh, wow.
-We were sliding down there.
That's when -- I say we probably
rolled over like two times.
-Geez, Louise.
And look at y'all.
Y'all are all good.
That's good.
-I mean, yeah.
A little scratch, that's it.
-Oh, that's nothing
compared to that.
-I swear, I had to
get her out the car.
Man, I was mad.
-Yeah, what were you mad for?
'Cause of the car?
-The car.
-So were you driving
or her driving?
-No, she was driving.
-Oh, man.
Are you gonna be the driver
from now on?
Is that -- Is that the epiphany?
-Yeah, I always ask her
to drive -- well, te--
I always tell her to drive,
but when I do...
-Good to see that they're okay.
Let's go back
to Richland County,
back to that shooting
that had occurred.
Remember that woman
who was shot there?
That's Captain Danny Brown.
They've been looking
for the suspect.
[ Indistinct conversations ]
-What's up, fellas?
Doing alright?
Any casings out here, bro?
-Yeah, right here.
-Which room you need clear?
This one?
-I have the numbers.
-Richland County
Sheriff's Department.
If anybody's in there,
announce yourself.
Richland County
Sheriff's Department.
If anybody's in here,
announce yourself.
Come out with your hands up now.
-Back's clear.
Behind the door's clear.
I got it.
I got this.
-Clear.
-Hey, is that blood?
-Yeah, she was shot
through the window, so...
-He shot through
the window at her?
-Yeah.
There's shell casings outside.
[ Indistinct talking ]
-Clear here. Oh.
[ Radio chatter ]
So he actually -- Evidently
the victim was inside this room.
He knew she was in there
and shot through here
and hit her in there.
So we have fresh blood
on the bed.
The victim walked around here.
You see right where
the blood trail went.
-[ Speaking indistinctly ]
-You want me to get -- You want
me to tape it off for you?
-I got it.
I got it in my car.
-Tape? Yeah.
[ Indistinct conversations ]
Did he shoot again?
-I think there was only
just two shots.
-Oh, they just kicked up --
-You got a lock in your car?
-Travis has it already.
-Oh, Travis got it going?
[ Indistinct talking ]
-Alright, you can see there
they're piecing together
what happened at the shooting,
but they're still looking
for the suspect.
Remember,
they have what they think
is a picture of him
from an eyewitness.
Let's take a break.
"On Patrol: Live"
is coming right back.
-She was shot in the room
or she was shot right here?
-No, she was shot in the room.
There's blood on the bed.
-Right now, we're going
to be en route
to one of our local
gas stations.
We got a guy that has
locked himself in the bathroom.
He'd been in there
for a little while.
Now they're saying
that he's not answering
the attendant at the gas station
and the door's locked.
So we're going to respond
over there
and see if we can
figure out what's going on.
[ Siren wails ]
-[ Police radio chatter ]
Alright. As they head
to that urgent call,
so to speak, let's go back
to Richland County,
back to the scene
of that shooting.
Captain Danny Brown is there.
They're still looking
for the suspect.
It's kind of where
she walked to after
she got hit in the room.
She stumbled out here.
And it's probably the reason
why she came out here
is there were some firefighters
here on another call
on an overdose call.
They just got the wrong,
wrong Red Roof Inn.
And they happened to be
here, started treating her.
And that's how
they beat us here.
We're like 30 seconds
from getting here.
And they were already here
treating her.
So she probably saw them
and came out here
and they they started
treating her.
It sounds like
she's going to be okay,
but it was it
was kind of brutal.
He shot her right through
the window two rounds
and it looks like
she was sitting on the bed
when she got hit.
Got hit in the shoulder
in the arm.
-That should' have got him
-Almost looks like it hit.
We'll see what's going on
with it.
-Mm, mm, mm.
Good news is she seems
to be okay there.
Let's go back to Nye County,
back to Lieutenant Eric Murphy,
who was racing to the scene
of a gas station
where a guy had apparently
locked himself in the bathroom.
-Supposedly a guy's
The attendant said
he was talking to him at first,
but now he's not talking at all.
-Nye-8 arrived.
Did he come out?
Did he come out, man?
-Yeah. So I just picked
the lock out of it.
-Is he okay?
-I don't know to be honest.
-Is he still in the bathroom?
-Yeah.
-It's open, though?
What's his name do you know?
Okay.
Sheriff's office.
-Not in there?
-No. No.
-You didn't see him go out?
-Is he in there?
-No.
-Did he go in your freezer?
-I didn't see him come out
at all.
-What'd he look like?
-Long -- baggy white T-shirt,
long pants.
-Baggy white T-shirt?
-Yeah.
-Live in Marion County, Florida,
with Deputy Ryan Paxton.
Looks like he's approaching
someone lying down
in front of a...
-Hello.
-...in front of what looks
like an orthopedic center.
-How you doing?
You alright?
-Yes, sir. Yes, sir.
I was only up underneath here
because it was raining.
-That's reasonable.
-And...
Yeah.
-Okay.
I'm Deputy Paxton,
Marion County Sheriff's Office.
I imagine you know why I'm here.
There's a big spider
right next to you.
You're good.
I got you, bud.
I got you.
It's just a spider, man.
Oh, he just went running
by your hand.
I couldn't get him.
So the reason I'm here is,
I guess the business owners
saw somebody sleeping here.
I mean, I understand
it's raining and all that.
You got your driver's license?
-Yes, sir.
-You stay around here?
-No, sir, actually,
I'm on my way up to Birmingham.
-To Birmingham?
On foot?
-Yeah.
-That's a long walk, buddy.
-Do what you got to do.
-Yeah. Where are you from?
-I'm out of Birmingham.
-You got a Florida
driver's license
and you're from Birmingham?
-No, originally here
from Alabama.
I'm here --
Originally from Alabama.
-Okay. You need medics
or anything, man?
-Sir?
-Said do you need medics
or anything?
-No, no, no, no, no.
-You're just sleeping?
-Yeah, man, I'm good.
-Okay.
You're from Lakeland?
-No. Well, I mean, yeah, I've
been there for about a year.
-Okay, so is that where you
started your trek to Birmingham
was Lakeland?
-Yeah.
-Yes or no? You seem kind of
on the fence about that.
-Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Thing is, I got, um...
I got kicked out...
-Alright, let's go to Volusia
County to Deputy Wes Brough.
He's backing up
on a traffic stop.
-And when she opened
the glove box to get their IDs,
you could see a pipe laying.
-Okay.
-[ Speaking indistinctly ]
-Alright, we'll pull them out
and start searching them, then.
You said it was
in the glove box?
-I'm sorry, center console.
-Center console? Okay.
-[ Speaking indistinctly ]
-He's in the driver's seat?
-Yeah.
-Alright.
-[ Speaking indistinctly ]
-Alright. We did it.
For Sean Larkin
and Curtis Wilson
and everyone here
at "On Patrol: Live,"
thank you for watching
our inaugural episode.
So sorry about all those
technical problems we had.
We think we've sorted them out.
We're confident we're not
going to have them again.
And we're looking forward
to seeing you here
again tomorrow night
for another three-hour edition
of "On Patrol: Live."
See you then.
Clear we don't even know
if there was any crime
committed here.
-When they went
to grab their IDs,
what looks like a weed pipe
was right there in plain view.
So we're just going to
go through it,
make sure there's nothing else.